Sparkling Bright is a local outfit that specializes in cleaning office buildings. One of Sparkling Bright’s customers is Sladden & Aldrich, or S&A, a prominent consulting firm. On 8 May 2020, Sparkling Bright concluded an agreement with S&A to clean its offices in Hong Kong, located at the Milestone Building in Central District. The one-year agreement, signed by representatives of both companies, provided for weekly cleaning and tidying of S&A’s premises. The agreement was silent as to liability for property damaged in the course of cleaning.
On 15 May, Sparkling Bright’s sanitary engineers serviced S&A’s offices for the first time. After they finished their tasks, Sparking Bright’s supervisor asked S&A’s office manager to sign a verification sheet confirming that the requested services had been provided to her satisfaction and she duly did so. At the bottom of the verification sheet, printed in small font, was the following statement: “All services provided under standard WMA conditions. Copies available on request.” WMA refers to the Waste Management Association, a self-governing international federation of cleaning and waste management companies. Its standard conditions are freely available online. Among these conditions is a term that relieves service providers from liability for “any damages or losses the client might suffer as a result of any act or omission, however caused, by the service provider’s employees, servants or agents”. 
In November 2020, facing a shortage of trained staff, Sparkling Bright wrote to S&A to ask whether it could temporarily reduce the frequency of deep cleanings to fortnightly. S&A replied that it would accept this reduced level of services for the rest of 2020 “so long as the office remains spick and span”. Its burden lightened, Sparkling Bright assured its other, long-standing, customers that there would be no change to their cleaning schedules. At the same time, it instructed its sanitary engineers to make sure that S&A’s offices were given special attention.
On 11 December, sanitary engineer Sam accidentally spilt soap water on a laptop while wiping the ceiling of a S&A office. This accident occurred because Sam tried to balance a large pail of water on the narrow steps of the ladder while taking a TikTok video for the “Mop on Head” challenge. The laptop was ruined beyond repair. On 12 December, the managing partner of S&A wrote to Sparkling Bright demanding compensation for the laptop and informing Sparkling Bright that weekly cleanings should resume immediately as the office was about to host a few important guests at very short notice.

Advise Sparkling Bright on whether it can successfully resist S&A’s two demands.