Wong Kee Typhoon Shelter Crab is a famous restaurant in Causeway Bay. Wong Kee used to source the mud crabs for its signature dish from a number of purveyors. Since June 2013, however, it has purchased crabs exclusively from the Neptune Company. Between June 2013 and June 2018, dealings between the two companies were conducted on a regular but informal basis. Wong Kee would call Neptune with the number of crabs it required for the coming week. Neptune would then quote the prevailing market price over the phone and Wong Kee would place its order. It was understood by both companies that crabs were to be delivered on the next Monday following the order. Wong Kee’s smallest weekly order during this period was for 728 kilograms and its largest, for over 2000 kilograms. The crabs delivered under each order consisted of a mix of sizes, ranging from medium to jumbo. The distribution of sizes generally conformed to the norms and practices of the seafood trade. Rules governing the distribution of sizes are known and followed by all crab restaurants and suppliers in Hong Kong who regard them as binding. Some allowance is made for variations in composition but there are strict upper and lower limits on the proportion of crabs in each size category.
As its business grew, Wong Kee decided that it should formalize its arrangement with Neptune to obtain a steady and predictable supply of crabs. In June 2018, after some initial discussions, Wong Kee sent Neptune a draft contract proposing that the latter supply all the former’s requirements for a period of three years, the price to be fixed at the prevailing market rates. Neptune amended this draft by adding a “minimum quantity” clause that required Wong Kee to order its requirements or 1000 kilograms per week, whichever turned out to be higher. Neptune also added a “composition” clause which reserved to it “the absolute discretion to determine the size of mud crabs supplied under the Agreement”. Finally, Neptune inserted a “Seller’s Liability” provision at the end stating that:
The Seller hereby excludes all liability for any loss or damage arising from any defect in any seafood product supplied, however caused.

This Agreement constitutes the sole and only agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes any prior understandings or agreements, whether oral or written, between the parties respecting the within subject matter. No amendment or alteration of the terms hereof shall be binding unless the same be in writing, is dated subsequent to the date hereof, and is duly executed by the parties hereto.

This amended agreement was sent to Wong Kee the same month. The additional terms proposed by Neptune were acceptable to Wong Kee. However, Wong Kee’s business manager was at an overseas conference and she neglected to sign and return the contract on her return. Nevertheless, transactions between Wong Kee and Neptune continued uninterrupted. Wong Kee’s business took off and between July 2018 and November 2020, the restaurant asked Neptune for 1020 to 2600 kilograms of crabs per week. The mix of crabs delivered by Neptune did not vary from those previously tendered to and accepted by Wong Kee, except on one occasion when the crabs were a little smaller than usual. Wong Kee took delivery of those crabs without complaint.
In December 2020, Wong Kee placed an order for 1800 kilograms of crabs. To Wong Kee’s surprise and dismay, Neptune fulfilled this order using only baby mud crabs, explaining that it had sold out of adult crustaceans. Wong Kee was unable to use these baby crabs for its “Typhoon Shelter Crab” because of their lack of meat and flavour. The unavailability of this signature dish resulted in financial losses and angry reviews from customers.