Knock-Out and Copy Dog are clothing manufacturers that specialize in imitating the style of high-street brands. In early 2021, crocodile skin made a sudden comeback and Knock-Out hoped to introduce a range of accessories made from synthetic leather. To that end, on 28 February, Knock-Out contacted Real Plastic placed an order for 200,000 metres of synthetic leather, at a price of $20 per meter, to be delivered on 12 April. Real Plastic is one of many makers of synthetic leather. The contract between Knock-Out and Real Plastic stipulated that time was of the essence. Real Plastic accepted an identical order from Copy Dog the same day. Copy Dog’s order was also to be delivered on 12 April, time being of the essence. Real Plastic was confident it could meet both orders by ramping up production at its two plants in the New Territories.
Unfortunately, on 14 March, a power surge occurred at one of Real Plastic’s plants, causing major damage to its equipment. It became clear that Real Plastic could only fulfil one, but not both, of the orders on time. Hence, on 15 March, Real Plastic wrote to Knock-Out and Copy Dog informing them that it would not be able to fulfil its contractual undertakings. Real Plastic offered a 5% discount if Copy Dog or Knock-Out would agree to take delivery a week later than originally stipulated. The market price of faux crocodile leather was now $24 per meter. On hearing of the incident at Real Plastic’s plant, Copy Dog immediately offered Real Plastic 10% extra to receive the goods as scheduled on 12 April. Copy Dog had promised its retailors that faux crocodile skin accessories would be available by mid-April and it did not wish to damage these long-cultivated commercial relationships. Knock Out was unaware that Copy Dog was hot on its tail and thought it made no practical difference whether the fabrics were delivered on 12 or 19 April. Knock-Out informed Real Plastic it was willing to settle for delivery on 19 April but only in exchange for a 10% discount. Otherwise, Knock Out would have no choice but to seek legal recourse. Real Plastic readily acceded to Knock Out’s proposal. Due to a clerical error, the last few communications between Real Plastic and Knock Out recorded the new date of delivery as 9 April. 
On 10 April, an episode of The Next Big Thing aired on television and leopard prints became the latest fad. Consumer demand for crocodile skin collapsed overnight and the price of synthetic crocodile leather plummeted to $12 per meter. On 11 April—before any of the synthetic leather ordered had been delivered—Knock-Out and Copy Dog both wrote to Real Plastic stating that they considered themselves discharged from their respective contracts. Real Plastic has spent $5 million to date preparing to perform both contracts. 
Advise Real Plastic whether Knock-Out and Copy-Dog have valid excuses for refusing to perform their contractual obligations. Assuming they do not, advise Real Plastic on the remedies that might be available to it.