For many years, Mr. Peter Pang owned and operated Island Ice, a company which supplied ice to bars, restaurants and hotels. In November 2020, Peter decided it was finally time to retire and he advertised his company for sale.  Ms. Cissy Cheung answered the advertisement the same month. Cissy ran her own catering business. She had heard of Island Ice before and thought this was a good opportunity to acquire a well-established local brand. Peter showed Cissy the factory he had in Tuen Mun which could produce up to 100 tons of ice every day. Peter told Cissy that the ice-making machines had recently been upgraded by the manufacturer and would require a tune-up every six months. Unbeknownst to Peter or Cissy, the engineers performing the upgrade had misconfigured the gears. Cissy was also informed by Peter that the two large refrigerated lorries used to transport ice to customers were “seasoned and trusty” and “110% reliable”. Aside from a minor leaking incident in June 2020, the lorries had not given Peter any trouble over the past year. Cissy was invited to inspect the lorries but declined to do so as she did not consider herself an expert in vehicles. If Cissy had looked in the glove compartments, she would have discovered that the lorries were last serviced in 2015. Finally, Peter showed Cissy the company’s audited accounts for the financial year ending 31 March 2020. These accounts showed a profit of $6 million. “We have a very loyal customer base,” Peter declared. Peter omitted to tell Cissy that because of the pandemic, there was unlikely to be any profit for the current financial year. Many of the existing clientele had shut or scaled back their operations.
On 12 January 2021, after some protracted negotiation and having explored several other opportunities, Cissy signed a contract for the acquisition for Island Ice from Peter. Under the agreement, Cissy would pay Peter an initial instalment of $4 million, half of which was due immediately and half of which would be paid when physical possession of the business was delivered on 1 April. Peter would also receive, as part of the purchase price, 25% of all profits generated over the next five financial years. The contract also stated that: “The full purchase price shall include the assets itemized in the inventory list attached hereto”. The inventory list included the ice-making machines, the two lorries and many other pieces of minor equipment. 
On 22 March, one of the lorries’ refrigeration units malfunctioned and burst into flames, destroying the vehicle beyond repair. The market value of the lorry was approximately $300,000. One week later, on 29 March, the ice-making machines suddenly ground to a halt. Peter immediately telephoned the manufacturer and was told that due to a shortage of parts it would take six months to repair the machines. Although the manufacturer promised to do the repairs for free, Island Ice would lose $250,000 in revenue per month. The cost savings from closing the factory would be negligible. Cissy found out about this state of affairs the next day, on 30 March.
Advise Cissy on her legal options in relation to the acquisition of Island Ice, including the remedies that might be available to her, if any.